---
description: Creative Commons - CC0 1.0 DEED
---

# CC0 1.0 DEED

{% embed url="https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en" %}

#### No Copyright <a href="#no-copyright" id="no-copyright"></a>

1. The person who associated a work with this deed has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighbouring rights, to the extent allowed by law.
2. You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. See Other Information below.

#### Other Information <a href="#other-information" id="other-information"></a>

1. In no way are the patent or trademark rights of any person affected by CC0, nor are the rights that other persons may have in the work or in how the work is used, such as [publicity or privacy ](https://wiki.creativecommons.org/Frequently\_Asked\_Questions#When\_are\_publicity\_rights\_relevant.3F)rights.
2. Unless expressly stated otherwise, the person who associated a work with this deed makes no warranties about the work, and disclaims liability for all uses of the work, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
3. When using or citing the work, you should not imply [endorsement ](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en)by the author or the affirmer.

**Other Rights**

The use of a work free of known copyright restrictions may be otherwise regulated or limited. The work or its use may be subject to personal data protection laws, publicity, image, or privacy rights that allow a person to control how their voice, image or likeness is used, or other restrictions or limitations under applicable law. [Learn more](https://wiki.creativecommons.org/Frequently\_Asked\_Questions#When\_are\_publicity\_rights\_relevant.3F)

**Endorsement**

In some jurisdictions, wrongfully implying that an author, publisher or anyone else endorses your use of a work may be unlawful. [Learn more](https://wiki.creativecommons.org/Frequently\_Asked\_Questions#Do\_I\_need\_to\_be\_aware\_of\_anything\_else\_when\_providing\_attribution\_or\_credit.3F)

**Citation**

Copy and paste the HTML provided into your webpage to easily cite this work. [Learn more](https://wiki.creativecommons.org/CC0\_FAQ#Do\_I\_have\_to\_attribute\_the\_person\_who\_applied\_CC0\_to\_their\_work.3F)

**Who is the affirmer?**

The affirmer is the person who surrendered rights to work worldwide using CC0, to the extent allowable by law. It may be the original author of the work or another person who may have had some copyright or related or neighbouring legal rights in the work.